Week 1: Was still looking for a group. Tried joining with Zechun in Hong Kong,
and Alan's group in another lab, but there weren't enough people and our group
was disbanded.

Week 2: Was able to join a group in another lab w15A-lol_i_dunno. Paperwork
still in progress. At our lab meeting, me and Jack were assigned to work in
developing the Front-end together, while Hikari, Kristian, and Hai will work on
the back-end components.  

I started development of the storyboards and interface designs for the UI and
Flow Diagram component of the report. I've done the basic interfaces for the
site home, account creation and login, and forgot password sections. I'm
continuing to work on the interface for the core functionality of the Film
Finder, i.e. personalised recommendations and watchlist tracking, which I've
decided to encapsulate in a 'user dashboard' page. This work will probably
continue into the next week, as I try to finish the wireframes in time for our
Sunday Week 3 deadline submission of the Project Proposal.

I also started coding some drafts of the site home page with plain old HTML, CSS
before we really dig into the front-end frameworks like React. Also did some
basic stuff like setting up plug-ins like emmet and visual studio code while I'm
working in Windows.

Week 3:
The paperwork has come through for my transfer to the W15A lab. This week was
mainly working on the project proposal, finishing the UI designs for the website
and the novelty features, and writing associated report stuff.

Week 4 (1st Sprint):
This week was effectively a no-op for me, Jack did some great work implementing
the UI and front-end in preparation for our Week 5 demo. 

Week 5 (2nd Sprint):
We presented our project demo at the beginning of this sprint. For this sprint,
I was working on integrating the front-end and back-end. I had to fix up a few
dependency issues to get the backend to build in the correct Java environment.
Jack did some great work building on his UI implementation from week 4 to flesh
out a few details of the design. 

Week 6:
I worked with Hai to flesh out some of the API endpoints that we need for
backend and front-end for everything to work. Spent a lot of time figuring out
how the backend works to aid in integrating everything. Kept running into issues
with Cross Origin Request permissions (CORS), took a long time to debug that.

Final thing before the end of this sprint, I worked with Jack and Hikari to
put the finishing touches on the login and signup functionality, link it
completely with the backend.

Week 7:
Didn't do much work this week besides testing and debugging. 

Week 8:
We had our progressive demo, on Wednesday, so I spent Monday and Tuesday fixing
a lot of bugs with the backend endpoints so I could link and integrate them
successfully for the front-end. Tying in with that, my role since Week 5 has
been to write all the front-end logic to make and receive request/responses from
the backend. The particular backend endpoints I worked on this week were the
movie details page, the user dashboard, the review component of th emovie
details page, and the ratings component.

Week 9:
This is pretty much our last week before assignment and report is due. My role
for this week was to merge all the remaining feature branches, including
profiles, recommendations, review, blacklist, and similar-movies. In performing
the merge, I also wrote the front-end logic that will fetch all the resources
from the endpoints that backend have defined. I also helped develop the protocol
that we are going to use over WebSockets for the FilmPoker feature of our
assignment, as well as explained to Hikari my thoughts on a general design for
this feature and the need for WebSockets as it provides a full duplex
connection that we can use for this FilmPoker feature.

Appendix:
As additional evidence of my work, throughout this project I've been using a
timetracker called Toggl to track the number of hours I've been spending on this
project. as of writing (14th of November), I've spent 95 hours over the last 9
weeks on this project. I've uploaded a copy of the report to google drive at the
following link: 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1u1w6OxzW8QP8wRdgZ9pVPLjBjVZQZ61p/view?usp=sharing
